[Music]
hey what's up guys
today i'll show you a suspense thriller
film the village
spoiler ahead watch out and take care
somewhere in the deep forest there is a
mysterious isolated village
residents there live a simple and
primitive life no crimes have ever
happened there
and they seem to all live and work
happily however
as healthcare is too awful there many
children have died from the disease at a
very young age
and every time when there is a child
passing away the village had sorrows for
the death
and signs to the rest wondering whether
it's right for them to settle down there
and suffer the primitive life after all
beyond the forest
there is a said prosperous town with
abundant medical supplies
which could have saved many children's
lives from the minor illness
the village elders however warned
villagers never to travel across the
woods to the outside world
because they all believe that the town
on the other side is inhabited only by
evil people
and more importantly the woods have been
taken by the scary monsters in red robes
the demons have not intruded on the
village for many years
seemingly having kept peace with the
villagers as long as the villagers don't
go into the forest
as it is said that the monsters will be
attracted by things in red
all things with red colors are forbidden
in the village even the red flowers and
fruits
despite that the residents are still
living in great fear
especially when hearing howls of the
monsters from the forest
however not like other villagers the
young man noah who has developmental
disabilities
turns excited and claps his hands like a
kid every time he ears the house
noah is irritable and likes beating
people for fun
once he starts doing that no one can
stop him
however he behaves quite timid before
his crushed girl ivy
blind and the daughter of the village
head though ivy and noah seem to be
quite intimate
ivy doesn't love him but has her
affection for a man called lucius
who is poor in language but pretty rich
in hormones
when once again a resonance child dies
due to lack of medicine
lucius offers to go to the town for some
medical supplies
but gets rejected many times by the
elders that's because they are still in
fear
and no one would like to break the truce
with the monsters
with few hormone targets left in such an
isolated village
ivy's elder sister can't hold her
desires any longer
and confesses her love to the hormone
magnet lucius someday
but ends up getting refused causing her
to burst into crying
actually the one lucious really loves is
ivy
instead of her shitty sister also ivy
knows lucius has been hiding his
feelings for her long since
just when ivy is trying to lead lucious
to talk about it noah comes and
interrupts their talk with some wild
fruits he picked for ivy
both the two are surprised as the fruits
are red the forbidden color in the
village
while noah seems to care nothing about
that and even shows them the place where
he got the fruits
until then they find out that noah has
been sneaking into the woods for a long
time
because of that lucius is even more
convinced that it will be fine to pass
the woods to get to the town
however the elders once again reject his
request
and lucious mom in order to stop lucius
reveals to him that his father was shot
dead in the town
and the box in the corner contains all
the painful memories about the cursed
town
reminding her not to go there again
despite all of that
lucia still decides to give it a shot he
soon takes a chance to sneak into the
woods
while no one notices him he soon finds
the red fruits noah picked before
and later is terrified by a red monster
before escaping uninjured
however that eventually breaks the truce
between the monsters and the village
later that night the monsters crossed
the border to attack the village
but thanks to the village sentinels the
residents hide in the basement in time
and thus avoid the casualties the next
day
the elders call a meeting and reach a
conclusion that someone must have
broken into the woods and the attack is
only a warning from the monsters
lucius owns up to his action with great
guilt to his surprise
the village head doesn't really blame
him but only orders to throw a huge
plank of meat
hoping to appease the pissed off
monsters however
things won't piece down so easily as
they wish
at the wedding ceremony for ivy's sister
who has found an alternative hormone
magnet
the monsters break into the village
again the villagers are so frightened
and the wedding ends in a mess but this
time the monsters have left more
warnings
livestock has been taken and skinned and
marks have been left high on the doors
showing that those can't be simply done
by coyotes
later that night waking up from a
nightmare ivy sees lucius taking part of
her house
this time lucius finally conveys his
inner feelings towards ivy
and the two decide to get married soon
the news spreads to the small village
and noah knows it too
he gets so jealous that he stabs lucious
badly several times
making lucius's life hung by a thread
there is nothing the villagers can do
for the heavily injured lucius
but only prey as the healthcare is so
poor in the village
ivy can't bear the thought of losing her
beloved lucious
in rage she slaps noah in the face and
begs the elders for permission
to get some medicine for lucius in the
town
her father overwhelmed by the miseries
of villagers dying of a lack of medical
supplies
finally tells ivy the truth about the
village it's revealed that the legendary
monsters they have seen
are actually played by the elders
wearing red costumes
the elders used to live in the town but
lost their beloved ones due to the
crimes in the town
they have ever since been living in
great pain and questioning the meaning
of life
in the end they decided to leave the
sinful world full of painful memories
and founded the village they are living
in now they made up the story about the
monsters
so as to deter others from leaving the
village and getting connected with the
outside world
and the howls marks and other things
which were thought to be done by the
monsters
were actually done by them they didn't
mean to harm anyone
but just wanted to protect the ones they
care about
the father asks for ivy's pardon and
wishes her to take his duties to keep
protecting the villagers
then he allows her to leave for the town
to get medical supplies
he sends another two young men to go
together with ivy
however these two men in fear of the
monsters abandon ivy immediately in the
woods despite knowing the monsters are
not real
ivy is still in fear being left hopeless
in the wild for the first time
what's worse due to her blindness she
almost falls into a deep hole
just as she struggles to get herself out
of the hole she hears some terrifying
sounds
coming from behind her she is so scared
that she keeps running
all the way to an area full of red
fruits
and the next second she senses a monster
standing behind her
the monster then tries to attack her she
has no choice but to run as fast as she
can to get rid of it
later as she finds she has run back to
the big hole
she manages to trick the monster into
falling into the hole
then she quickens her pace and soon
finds the path her father has told her
which leads to the edge of the woods
dramatically
the monster trapped in the hole turns
out to be noah who took the costumes he
discovered
under the floorboards of the room where
he's confined
he tried to make fun of ivy but ends up
getting trapped in the deep hole
and left dying in despair however ivy
knows nothing about that
believing she has met a monster and
killed it
ivy soon gets to the edge of the woods
and finds a high and ivy covered wall
as she is climbing over it a young park
ranger spots her
and is shocked to know that she's lived
in the woods for decades
while ivy learns from the range of the
truth about the woods which is actually
the walker wildlife preserve
named for ivy's family and that it is
actually the 21st century now
instead of the 19th her father and some
followers have founded the village in
the preserve
where there's supposed to be no humans
at all the young ranger decides to help
ivy and goes back to the station
to search for some medicine while right
at that time
the police radio is reporting several
new crimes and tragedies
haunting the town and its innocent
people moments later in the village
the news has spread that ivy has killed
one of the monsters
and has returned with the medicine for
lucius
after knowing that ivy doesn't know the
monster she killed as noah
the elders decide to keep it a secret
and continue with their story about the
monsters
believing that they can protect their
loved ones from the miseries only in
that way
and provide them a primitive but
peaceful living place far from any sins
this is daniel cc movie channel peace
out